src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/ReservService.java:7:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/ReservService.java:7:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/ReservService.java:9:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/ReservService.java:9:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/ReservService.java:11:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/ReservService.java:11:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/ReservService.java:13:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/ReservService.java:13:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/impl/ReservDAO.java:17:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/impl/ReservDAO.java:17:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/impl/ReservDAO.java:18:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/impl/ReservDAO.java:18:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/impl/ReservDAO.java:21:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/impl/ReservDAO.java:21:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/impl/ReservServiceImpl.java:17:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/impl/ReservServiceImpl.java:17:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/impl/ReservServiceImpl.java:19:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/impl/ReservServiceImpl.java:19:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/impl/ReservServiceImpl.java:24:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/impl/ReservServiceImpl.java:24:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/impl/ReservServiceImpl.java:30:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/impl/ReservServiceImpl.java:30:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/impl/ReservServiceImpl.java:36:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/impl/ReservServiceImpl.java:36:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/web/ReservController.java:36:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/web/ReservController.java:36:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/web/ReservController.java:37:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/web/ReservController.java:37:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/web/ReservController.java:56:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/web/ReservController.java:56:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/web/ReservController.java:57:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/web/ReservController.java:57:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/web/ReservController.java:61:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/web/ReservController.java:61:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/web/ReservController.java:62:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/web/ReservController.java:62:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/web/ReservController.java:63:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/web/ReservController.java:63:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/web/ReservController.java:64:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/web/ReservController.java:64:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/web/ReservController.java:65:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/web/ReservController.java:65:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/web/ReservController.java:66:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/weaving/biz/reserv/web/ReservController.java:66:	System.out.println is used
